#!/usr/bin/env python3
# -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
"""
Created on Sat Aug  6 11:17:02 2022

@author: eliorland
"""

1/1 - The Dispatch Jacket in Rose Cord:

We’ve all heard the saying "everything is equal"
when it comes to gear, but when it comes to our
everyday gear, the word "equality" is barely a
concept. Despite its prominent garment silhouettes
and heavy-duty materials, The Dispatch Jacket is a
casual, warm-weather option for those who’re
planning on venturing into the warmer season.
Featuring a comfortable, easygoing front layer
that’s built for those chilly fall days, durable
French terry stitch detailing, and rugged,
Responsible materials, it’s a well-built package
that’ll stand up to the roughest of environments
no matter how often you take it off.


1/2 - The Dispatch Jacket in Rose Cord:

We started by thinking of a jacket as an
accessory, not a blanket. True to our conception,
the Dispatch Jacket—a cozy suit that moves
effortlessly through the everyday as you go about
your day—is built to take the next step. It boasts
an eye-catching seam that keeps it tidy and comfy
enough to lay down on the couch or take the night
off in the morning. In this case, the Dispatch
Jacket is an all-weather garment, so you won't
have to worry about your phone and pockets getting
broken.


2/2 - The Dispatch Jacket in Rose Cord:

We’ve never owned a Dispatch Jacket before, but
what better way to demonstrate how built-in
comfort, features, and a handsome yet timeless
design combine for a timeless, sophisticated take
on a classic button down? We’ve revived the
classic silhouette with a gorgeous (and distinctly
vintage-inspired) take on this classic pocketed
jacket. All of the details from the
original—including a refined construction—keep you
comfortable throughout—but make it a snap to add
some extra protection when you need it.


1/2 - The Jack in Chestnut Oxford:

Originally conceived as a companion piece to our
signature Heavy Bag Polo, our Oxford jacket has
developed an incredibly soft, supportive softness
that can be trusted to stay on for years to come.
Built from rugged 100% organic cotton and
beautifully textured with a subtle speckling at
the collar, The Jack is perfect for weekends,
camp, or any other time of the day. With a button
down collar and button up sleeves, The Jack is
just as cozy as ever—tough enough to dress down to
your favorite sweater, jeans, or whatever you wear
them for at night.

2/2 - The Jack in Chestnut Oxford:

Inspired by early pulp and hardwood shirting, The
Jack in Chestnut Oxford is our take on the classic
British shirt. This ultra-soft, comfortable oxford
iteration is made from 100% organic cotton and is
exceptionally soft—so you won't feel the cold at
the edges, for example. Our collaboration with the
renowned camp collar expert Dan Taylor of
Pantyhose to develop the chunky Oxford stitch
means it's constructed from a very special blend
of organic cotton and 100% recycled yarns that’ll
hold up well for years to come.


2/2 - The Frodo Cloak in Evergreen:

The fit and feel of our leather-focused Bootie
line has been a heavy subject of conversation for
a while, but we took our sharpness into
consideration when developing The Frodo Cloak.
It’s no secret that our comfort is highest in
autumntime—this iteration comes equipped with
rugged Nordic fleece accents that effortlessly
lend The Arzt a retro look. The perfect blend of
light, deadpan and heavy duty offers even more
versatility than a pair of athletic shorts—and
it’s made from sturdy heavyweight hemp. If you're
not familiar with The Arzt, it’s our fourth
iteration of the famed Forever in which we
produced an even warmer iteration of this well-
worn jacket in collaboration with Rasta, and it’s
built with a sharp and sharp-tongued texture that
feels far better than a single pair of jeans.

1/2 - The James Dean Jacket in Racing Red:

While our namesake may have emerged from the
shadows of the pulp pulp pulp industry, The James
Dean has emerged as one of the most recognizable
products out there. Built from 100% recycled
materials and equipped with rugged construction,
it’s built to be taken on outings, backcountry,
and on hikes, so you can take a breather when the
clouds start to recede. Now, that’s even more
impressive when you consider that The James Dean
Jacket is made in Mexico, not California.

2/2 - The James Dean Jacket in Racing Red:

With so many stylistic options out there, it's no
surprise that the legendary silhouette of The
James Dean is renowned for its refined, clean
lines and rugged construction. With its brushed
chest pocket, short hem and comfortable comfort,
The James Dean Jacket is a true asset to your
wardrobe.


2/2 - The California in Natural Selvedge:

Few places in our lives are so versatile as our
home state. Here, the California has become the
first garment to be built in what's now known as a
workshop-like environment. Built for the task at
hand, this California is built for the laborious
task at hand. With a garment-emblazoned signature
pocket, side-panel workstations, and some other
nifty features, The California shines—it’s built
to the same standards as every garment you’ve ever
owned, and outfitted with a ton of new materials
and features that you’ve never seen before.

1/2 - The Heavy Bag Henley in Navy Retro Stripe:

A soft-wearing, classic style that combines
sophistication and timeless functionality to
create a full-service garment—a soft-wearing,
classic style that combines sophistication and
timeless functionality to create a full-service
garment—a short sleeve classic that’s earned its
reputation for its comfort and durability.
Featuring this classic cut, the garment will serve
you well for years to come.

2/2 - The Heavy Bag Henley in Navy Retro Stripe:

There's something about retro style that drives us
nuts every time we wear it, and we knew we wanted
something we could prove with this handsome Heavy
Bag. With the subtle vintage-inspired neck panels
and a modern map print design, this handsome piece
is a perfect introduction to a warmer wardrobe.


1/2 - The Foundation Pant in Rush Canvas:

The Foundation Pant is a well-worn staple on our
roster—and we hope it keeps on giving as it has
throughout the years. The Foundation Pant takes
the classic silhouette and gives it a modern take
that takes things a step further with an array of
characteristically rugged, functional materials.
We’ve given them a slew of new characteristics,
including triple chest pockets, double stitched
double stitching, and a soft, rugged brass bar
strap. While they aren’t the harshest jacket on
our roster, they’ll make you feel better about
twice the weight of a pair of jeans.

2/2 - The Foundation Pant in Rush Canvas:

While our pant will eventually get a thorough wash
and some styling tweaks (including a bit of
stretch), The Foundation Pant will always be our
go-to. Trust us—we built it to withstand all of
the elements—including snags, punches, and even a
full face wash. This summer, we took it a step
further with a gorgeous Natural Hemp hem and linen
texture (the main draw of The Foundation Pant).
All of the elements, including the classic maple
paneling along the back, remain intact and the
result’s a timeless look that’s easy to dress up
or down.

2/2 - The Short Sleeve Hawthorne in Retro Wave:

Inspired by the vintage surf surf surf designs of
the 1930s and '40s, this edition of The Short
Sleeve Hawthorne has been reimagined to look and
feel as fresh as the beach. Washed, brushed and
brushed, this exclusive brand new iteration of our
signature featureless vintage silhouette is sure
to get noticed on the surf map.


1/2 - The Short Sleeve Hawthorne in Retro Wave:

It's easy to see why Hawthorne is beloved—it's got
a slew of cool features (including a flat back and
shoulders), a handsome cut, and a great
silhouette—but there are some big reasons why it
took so long for us to get to grips with the look
of this vintage-inspired vintage edition.